Rental Agreement

This agreement is made on the 5th day of May, 2020
by and between
Mrs. sumanth, age 35 years,
Address Of the Owner,
Son of Mrs. Owners Mommy,
herein referred to as the Owner;
and Mrs. spitfire, age 24 years,
Address Of Tenant,
Son of Mrs. Tenant Mommy,
herein referred to as the Tenant.

The lease is according to the English Calendar Month.

The owner has agreed to rent out the house premises at Chennai, and the tenant has agreed to occupy the same.

The agreement shall be for a period of 5 months beginning from 5th of May, 2020 and ending on 2nd of October, 2020.

The tenant agrees to pay a monthly rent of Rs. 10000000 (Ten million only) starting from 5th of May, 2020. The amount shall be paid before the 5th of every succeeding calendar month for a period of 5 months.

The tenant has deposited with the owner a sum of Rs. 13425 (Thirteen thousand, four hundred and twenty-five only) as security deposit without interest. The deposit shall not entitle the tenant to withhold any payment of monthly rent. The deposit shall be refundable to the tenant at the end of the agreement subject no outstanding payments and return of possession in tenantable condition.

The tenant shall pay the electricity and water charges on the house for the period of the agreement. The tenant shall also pay for all utilities and services based on the occupancy of the premises.

If the tenant fails to pay the monthly rent for a period of 1 month, the owner is at liberty to terminate the agreement and take back immediate possession of the house.

An advance notice of 1 month is required if either of the tenant or owner wish to terminate this agreement before the completion of the period of 5 months.

The tenant shall use the rented premises only for residential purpose.

The owner shall have full control over the supervision and management in respect of the said flat and the tenant shall not, in any way, interfere with the owner’s right of maintenance nor the owner shall interfere with the tenant rights of quiet & peaceful undisturbed tenancy & occupation.

The tenant shall not use the demised premises for any purpose other than for which it was let out nor shall sublet or sublease the portion let out to him to any third party.

Tenant shall not make any changes without written consent from the landlord.

In case of damage caused by the tenant to the said premises during the period of use, tenant shall be held responsible for compensation and other charges as the case may be and such charges may be adjusted from the security deposit amount when the same is refunded upon completion of the licensing agreement tenure (vacation of flat).

The tenant shall not create any untoward disturbance or nuisance and shall not allow any anti-social person in the said premises.

The tenant agrees not to cause or allow any noise or activity on the premises, which might disturb the atmosphere and peace of other occupants and / or neighbors. Said Noise and / or Activity shall be a breach of this agreement.

That the tenant shall not keep or store any illegal inflammable article or explosives that endanger life and property.

The tenancy may be renewed for further period/s mutually agreed between the parties on the terms and conditions to be specified at that time.

The tenant will take the responsibility to keep the kitchen, bathroom drains free of things causing clogging. Repairs for clogging shall be borne by tenant.

The tenants will dispose all waste material lawfully in accordance to garbage disposal guidelines.

The owner shall not be held responsible for any theft/burglary/fire/accident met with by the tenant.

The lease shall stand automatically terminated in case the tenant fails to comply with any of the stipulated terms and conditions of this agreement.

At the completion of the agreement, the tenant should return possession of the house to the owner in good, tenantable condition except for normal wear and tear.

No goods or materials of any kind or description which are combustible or would increase fire risk, shall be stored on the property. Any storage shall be at the tenant's risk and expense, owner shall not be responsible for any loss or damage.

No animals or pets of any kind will be brought onto the premises without the written permission of the owners.

No goods or materials of any kind or description which are combustible or would increase fire risk, shall be stored on the property. Any storage shall be at the tenant's risk and expense, owner shall not be responsible for any loss or damage.

The tenant accepts that the house is provided in Semi furnished condition, which is provided with the following fittings and fixtures:
2 fans, 4 bathrooms, 1 speaker